RHIDP-1595: How to use HA in RHDH (#967)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/configuring-high-availability/proc-configuring-high-availability-in-rhdh-operator-deployment.adoc

[id="proc-configuring-high-availability-in-rhdh-operator-deployment"]
= Configuring High Availability in a {product} Operator deployment

> When you are deploying {product-short} using the Operator, you must set `replicas` to a value greater than `1` in your `{product-custom-resource-type}` CR.

Reviewer: >  you must set `replicas` to a value greater than `1`

This sounds as if we are telling the user that their value must be greater than 1. I understand that we are telling them that they must use this CR if they are using the Operator, but I suggest rewriting this to eliminate any confusion.

Reviewer: Maybe something like... 

```suggestion
{product-very-short} instances that are deployed with the Operator use configurations in the `{product-custom-resource-type}` CR. In the `{product-custom-resource-type}` CR, the default value for the `replicas` field is `1`. If you want to configure your {product-very-short} instance for High Availability, you must set `replicas` to a value greater than `1`.
```

^Change this as you see fit, but this revision strives to provide clarity and conceptual info about the what and why that customers are asking to see in docs.

.Procedure

> 

Reviewer: Consider adding a lead-in sentence similar to the one added to the Helm procedure

> * In your `{product-custom-resource-type}` custom resource, set `replicas` to a value greater than `1`. For example:

Reviewer: We say CR in some places and "custom resource" in others. Let's choose one for consistency.

+
====
[source,yaml,subs="+attributes,+quotes"]
----
apiVersion: rhdh.redhat.com/v1alpha3 
kind: Backstage 
metadata: 

>   name: rhdh-spec: 

Reviewer 2: This line looks weird, can you check?

[id="proc-configuring-high-availability-in-rhdh-operator-deployment"]
= Configuring High Availability in a {product} Operator deployment

When you are deploying {product-short} using the Operator, you must set `replicas` to a value greater than `1` in your `{product-custom-resource-type}` CR.

.Procedure

> . In your `{product-custom-resource-type}` CR, set `replicas` to a value greater than `1`. For example:

Reviewer 2: For single-step procedures, use an unnumbered bullet instead of a numbered list. See [redhat-documentation.github.io/modular-docs#con-creating-procedure-modules_writing-mod-docs](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/modular-docs/#con-creating-procedure-modules_writing-mod-docs)

```suggestion
* In your `{product-custom-resource-type}` custom resource, set `replicas` to a value greater than `1`. For example:
```

+
====
[source,yaml,subs="+attributes,+quotes"]
----
apiVersion: rhdh.redhat.com/v1alpha3 
               kind: Backstage 
               metadata: 
                  name: rhdh-spec: 
               application: 
                 ... 
                replicas:3 <1>
                 …

> 

Reviewer 2: Review code formatting (indentation, ellipsis when trucating). See https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#yaml-formatting-for-kubernetes-and-openshift-api-objects
